[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>And I think many
people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've done so many incredible
interviews on "Beyond Belief,"
but this one could scare you.
We're talking with Bill Bean.
He's a minister.
He's an exorcist.
They call him the
Spiritual Warrior.
And he's also a noted author.
Many things have happened
to Bill in this lifetime.
We're going to talk
about that, and things
that could affect you.
Bill, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>BILL BEAN: Thank you so
much for having me, George.
It's an honor and a pleasure
to be here with you.
>>NOORY: Do you sometimes
feel doing what you're doing,
dabbling in what could be
the dark side, that they're
out to get you?
>>BEAN: Well, I wouldn't be here
if not for a calling by God.
As you know, I have
been an experiencer.
My family has been
destroyed by demonic forces,
and so it's been a full
circle type of thing for me.
And it was very much a
calling because I did not,
after being delivered
from this evil,
experiencing it for
so long, I didn't
want to get back into this
and get my hands dirty again,
but God had a different
plan for my life.
And I resisted it for a while.
But George, there's nothing
else that I'd rather
be doing than to be reaching
out to help others out
of this darkness and break
these chains and this bondage
that people are in.
It's just amazing
to be traveling
around the country
helping people like this.
>>NOORY: This was your calling.
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
No question.
>>NOORY: Let's go back
and talk about episodes
that occurred with
you, with your family.
What happened?
>>BEAN: Well, as you know,
I've written three books.
The first one is
called "Dark Force."
And in "Dark Force,"
I say that it all
began in 1970 when
my family and I moved
into a three bedroom
ranch style home located
in Glen Burnie, Maryland.
It goes much further back.
I found out after
writing "Dark Force,"
a family member told me
that many, many years ago,
a family member on my
mother's side of the family
had actually opened a doorway to
conjure these demonic spirits.
>>NOORY: On purpose?
>>BEAN: Yes.
So this is where
it originated from.
And I strongly believe
that that dark force led us
to that house in Glen
Burnie, Maryland,
where evil was already
present and manifest,
and that's why it was so
severe for my family and I.
It greatly contributed to
the destruction of my family.
>>NOORY: When you first
went into the house,
did you feel that?
>>BEAN: I was four years
old when we moved in.
We lived there
from 1970 to 1980.
And I can tell you
at the age of four,
I had this very uneasy feeling.
The house was semi-dilapidated.
I just had this-- it just had
this look and feel about it.
>>NOORY: Creepy.
>>BEAN: Very
ominous, very creepy.
My dad was a master carpenter.
He saw this as a
restoration project,
which he did quite
a bit of work to it.
>>NOORY: Save some
money, sell it one day.
>>BEAN: Yes.
But I can tell you, again, I
was four, my sister was 13.
She said she felt the same way,
that something was just not
right from the very beginning.
>>NOORY: Tell me about some of
the evil things that happened
in that house--
>>BEAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: -that kept bombarding
you and your family.
>>BEAN: Well, my mom was the
first to have an experience.
And my parents were very, very
good people, William Senior
and Patricia Bean,
very good people.
>>NOORY: They still with us?
>>BEAN: They're not with us.
>>NOORY: I'm sorry to hear that.
>>BEAN: Thank you.
And my dad being a
master carpenter,
my mom was a homemaker,
they believed in God,
but we didn't have any religious
upbringing or background.
We'd never attended
church as children.
We were never baptized.
My mom, shortly after
moving into the house,
it was while unpacking
boxes in the living room
that she felt a presence.
My dad had taken us-- I
have an older sister, Patty,
younger brother, Bobby, he had
taken us with him for the day
to go to my grandparents' house
to allow my mother to unpack
and organize in what they
thought would be peace.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BEAN: It was during
the course of this
that she felt a presence.
She thought in her mind that
it was my dad sneaking back
into the house to
play a joke on her.
>>NOORY: It was that strong.
>>BEAN: Oh, yeah.
And she spun around
fully anticipating
on startling him first.
And then to her shock,
nothing was there.
So she was unnerved by it,
taken aback, perplexed,
all these things.
Eventually able to recover and
go back to what she was doing.
And it wasn't long after that,
that one of the bedroom doors
slammed shut by itself.
That was enough to
make her go outside
and wait until we returned.
So that's where it began.
And then it escalated into
more feelings of presence,
noises, and then
gradually escalated
into violent physical attacks on
us from these demonic entities.
>>NOORY: On all of you?
>>BEAN: My mother
and I particularly.
We suffered the brunt of it.
My sister was the first to
have a physical encounter.
That took place in late 1970.
The house was
located at the bottom
of a downhill cul-de-sac, OK.
You walk in through
the front door,
the house was equally ominous
and foreboding on the inside.
Dark brown paneling
on the walls,
almost black in the house.
Very, very dark in the house.
Very negative feel, heavy vibe.
You would make a right
down a long hallway,
and I shared a bedroom, first
on the right with my brother.
My parents' room was
the second on the right,
and my sister's was the
last room across the hall.
>>NOORY: You're spooking
me out already, Bill.
>>BEAN: I got to
paint a picture.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BEAN: And my sister was in
her bed late one night asleep.
Something woke her
from her sleep.
She got startled,
she got frightened.
She knew something was there,
but she couldn't see anything.
>>NOORY: She couldn't see
it, but she could feel it.
>>BEAN: Yes.
So she wanted to get up
and go and get my parents.
And as she was doing that,
something grabbed her leg.
So she let out a scream.
Thank God she was able
to let out a scream.
That alerted my
parents, woke them up.
They ran into the room,
turned the light on.
Nothing was there.
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>BEAN: However, there
were red marks on her leg
where she said that
something had grabbed her.
>>NOORY: Like scratching?
>>BEAN: It was
more like grabbing.
More like grab marks, so
you could see the red marks.
>>NOORY: Almost like a bruise?
>>BEAN: Oh, yeah.
And my sister never again
felt comfortable in the house.
She wouldn't be there for
very much longer after that.
She ended up running away
in the middle of the night
and marrying a young
man in the neighborhood.
>>NOORY: This may have
forced her to do that.
>>BEAN: Yes.
And so she never again felt
comfortable in the house.
And once she was
out of there, it
seemed like these forces-- the
MO of Satan and his demons,
the MO is divide and conquer.
>>NOORY: It got rid of one.
>>BEAN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Let's get the next one.
>>BEAN: So then the focus
seemed to go onto my dad.
My dad was a very
good man, George.
Very hardworking man.
A man's man.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BEAN: Hard as nails.
Tough guy.
>>NOORY: No nonsense type guy.
>>BEAN: No nonsense.
Was a contractor.
Worked very hard.
>>NOORY: Gone all the time.
>>BEAN: Oh, yeah.
A good family man.
But I really believe
that he'd come
under this spiritual attack.
Now, he never shared
this with any of us.
But in later years,
he did share it
with my mother's mother--
my beloved grandmother, Dora
Harvey, he shared it with her,
that he was seeing apparitions
and manifestations and
he was under some sort
of spiritual attack
from the very beginning.
This was a man that
was so used to being
in control of every situation.
He feared nothing or no one.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BEAN: And I really think it
confounded his mind that this
was something he
could not control,
didn't know who to turn to,
didn't know where to go.
Because back then,
you couldn't just go--
they didn't have these--
>>NOORY: They'd
think you're nuts.
>>BEAN: Exactly.
They didn't have these
paranormal groups
and all these things.
And not having any type
of religious affiliation,
they couldn't reach
out to any churches
because, like you just said,
they'd think you were crazy.
So I really believe that this
contributed to his downfall.
He began to drink
very, very heavily.
My parents were
social drinkers, but--
>>NOORY: Did you
see that spiral--
>>BEAN: Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: -as you grew older?
Unfortunately.
So he began to drink
very, very heavily, which
caused problems between
he and my mother.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BEAN: And I'm sorry
to tell you that--
>>NOORY: Tore up the family.
>>BEAN: -he began to
physically abuse her.
>>NOORY: Oh, my.
And he had never done?
>>BEAN: No.
On a regular basis
between 1973 and 1975--
>>NOORY: And you're witnessing
all this as a little boy.
>>BEAN: Horrific.
And I have no
doubt, George, based
on what I saw that these
demonic forces were present
and they were able
to manipulate him
while under the
influence of alcohol.
And it really intensified
and fueled his rage
towards my mother while being
in these drunken stupors.
And he would say he had no
recollections of anything.
Now again, I'm not excusing
my dad for the actions
that he took; however,
the forces at work,
and there truly were
demonic forces at work here,
had a big hand in this
behavior and the steering
of this behavior.
>>NOORY: Did he
ever come after you?
>>BEAN: Never once
came after me,
but the focus seemed
to be on my mother.
And I guess because
they were at odds.
You know, he would stay
out all hours of the night
and, of course, my
mother's upset by this.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BEAN: So the focus
seemed to be on her,
but he did have
violent outbursts
towards others at times.
And it's a shame
because I loved my dad.
He was a very, very good man.
I saw him as a heroic
type of individual.
So when this shift
began, it just literally
tore me to pieces and
my perception of him.
And I'm sorry to say
that I carried a burning
hatred towards him
for many, many years
for these things that were
done and other things.
I'm happy to tell you that I was
able to eventually forgive him
and it was before
his untimely death.
You know, neither
of my parents lived
to see the age of 50, George.
>>NOORY: That's very young.
Extremely young.
>>BEAN: Oh, yes.
And, you know, again,
I'm so thankful that I
had that opportunity to forgive
him before he left this Earth.
>>NOORY: Made you
feel better at least.
>>BEAN: Much, much better.
>>NOORY: When this
was going on, Bill,
did anybody physically
see anything?
>>BEAN: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: They did.
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
The first to see a
manifestation I guess maybe
would have been me at the age
of five years old in 1971.
Pretty much an experience
like my sister had.
I'm asleep in my
bed late at night.
Now, my brother and I shared
the bedroom first on the right
down the hallway.
And his bed was
closest to the window,
mine was closest to the
doorway, to the hallway.
Middle of the night, something
wakes me up from my sleep.
I can't see anything there.
>>NOORY: You can feel it.
>>BEAN: I feel it.
I feel the presence of
something, someone or something
there, so I'm unnerved.
You know, I'm scared.
I
don't see anything there, but
I know something is there.
Now, I'm five years old.
So I go to get out of bed.
I'm going to go in
and get my parents.
>>NOORY: And you
remember all this, too.
>>BEAN: I remember it vividly.
I could-- the trauma
level from this event
is burned into my mind
and psyche forever.
>>NOORY: It's etched
there forever.
>>BEAN: Yes.
So I get out of bed, I'm going
to go in and get my parents,
and a tremendous force
grabbed me by my shoulders
and slammed me back
on the bed on my back.
George, I've given over 1,000
interviews and I'm telling you,
each and every time I describe
this it gives me chills
because it was off the
charts for the trauma level.
I thought I was going to die.
I thought my heart was going
to jump out of my body.
This event--
>>NOORY: Just went
flying back into the bed.
>>BEAN: And then
I felt paralyzed.
I felt like I couldn't
move anything.
The only thing that seemed
to move or work were my eyes.
Everything else, I tried to
scream out for my parents
and my mouth wouldn't even work.
>>NOORY: It was
holding you down.
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
And I felt paralyzed.
I felt so helpless.
And it seemed like
it lasted for hours.
I'm sure it only lasted
for several minutes,
but a lot of things
happened in that period
of time, horrible things.
And it culminated with the
appearance of what I truly
believe was a divine
manifestation.
As all of these horrible
things were happening,
this beautiful woman suddenly
appears at the foot of my bed.
She had like an--
>>NOORY: Angelic look?
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
And had, I would say very
pale blue, if not white, type
of shimmering gown.
She we shimmering,
glowing, shimmering.
I felt so much love and
peace from this being
and all the horrible
things that were happening
to me suddenly stopped
with the appearance.
>>NOORY: Maybe your
guardian angel?
>>BEAN: Well, here's the
most incredible thing.
As this event
culminated, the lady
turned and floated up
through the ceiling.
The most incredible part of
this was this-- what I believe
was a divine
manifestation, an angel
if you will-- looked
exactly like my mother.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: Now, she wasn't dead
at the time though, was she?
>>BEAN: No.
I got-- after this ended,
I was out of breath.
I was so traumatized,
I was sweating.
I ran in, woke my parents up.
Of course, my dad, he
didn't want any of that.
But my mom, she went
back in with me.
>>NOORY: Yeah, to comfort you.
>>BEAN: But I said to her, how
did you get in here so fast?
That's what I said to her.
>>NOORY: You thought it was her.
>>BEAN: And she said, what
are you talking about?
And so as the years progressed,
and those attacks happened
to me many, many times over
the years of living in there,
and each and every time, George,
after the event would happen,
I would feel like I had the flu.
I would have these high fevers.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BEAN: The body aches and
all this kind of stuff.
And then my mom began to
have these experiences.
And she was being attacked by
two entities in particular,
and that very same woman,
who looked exactly like her,
came to her rescue
on several occasions.
>>NOORY: And saved her.
Who in the family saw
something in a mirror?
>>BEAN: Well, that photograph
was taken in 1975 in the house.
Now that's my mother
Patricia Bean on the phone.
And as you can see,
George, look how
dark that paneling
is on the wall.
So it was very little light
that came into that house.
So 1975, she's on the phone.
That is a large rectangular
mirror behind her.
There's an oval-shaped
mirror to her left.
Now, look at the
oval-shaped mirror
that is reflecting in the
rectangular mirror and you
see what appears to be a very
large alien-looking face.
>>NOORY: There's
something in there.
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
And If you look further,
George, to her right,
you can see what appears to be
a little gray guy standing there
and you can see the flash
of the camera coming off
the top of its head.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BEAN: And that is 1975.
All these events
are taking place,
all this chaos is taking
place in the house.
And my dad also left us around
this period of time in 1975.
>>NOORY: Oh, he left?
>>BEAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Did somebody
die in that house, Bill?
>>BEAN: We were
told-- and again,
without really
knowing the answer,
my parents were
told that someone
had passed in that
back room where
my sister-- where her room was.
>>NOORY: That's
where it started.
>>BEAN: And that room seemed to
be what I would call the portal
or doorway, because that
room remained cold even
on the warmest of summer days.
And that's also the room where
the door would open and slam
for many repetitions at a time.
So something took place there.
And it wasn't just
that house, George.
After my story came
out, and after I'd
written the book
and all that stuff,
I started getting
contacted by many people
from the area telling me
about their experiences--
>>NOORY: The same thing--
>>BEAN: -in the area.
>>NOORY: -was happening to them.
>>BEAN: Yes.
And I have since gone
back as a minister
into the area to perform
spiritual warfare in some
of those homes.
>>NOORY: Were these homes built
on top of a grave or something?
>>BEAN: Well, again, without
really knowing the answer,
a friend of mine did
some historical research.
According to his
research, there's
a structure located two miles
south from that house called
the Wishing Rock.
Now, behind the house is a
very large and deep ravine
that kind of curved around.
And they said that this was
the land for Native Americans
and they used to gather and
worship at this structure
called the Wishing Rock.
>>NOORY: That's interesting.
>>BEAN: And they said
that the Wishing Rock was
some sort of gateway
or portal and it
had these supernatural powers.
Now if there's anything
to this at all,
then it is possible
that these entities
came through that portal.
>>NOORY: What an amazing story.
So your dad, while
this is going on
and these demons, I'll call them
demons, are all over the place,
he just abruptly
leaves the family?
>>BEAN: Well, again, it was part
of the downward spiral, George.
It's so sad and tragic because
my dad was such a good man
and he was blessed with every--
>>NOORY: And you saw this thing.
>>BEAN: He was blessed with
every physical attribute
necessary to be highly
successful in life.
He should have flourished.
We should have flourished
with him as a family.
>>NOORY: Of course.
Of course.
>>BEAN: So when he began
this heavy drinking,
it just started the
downward spiral.
His business began to fail
because he had just pretty
much--
>>NOORY: He was probably
unreliable at that point.
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
Had given up on everything.
And then not only with the
domestic abuse with my mom,
he was having other issues.
Owed people money,
his employees,
and things of that nature.
You name it.
It was horrible, the things
that were going wrong.
And I guess finally he
just-- one day he just left.
And he went,
relocated in Florida.
Went down there with his older
brother, my uncle Clifford,
who is a very devout Christian.
And my dad had a battle
for the rest of his life.
He went down there and
he would have periods
to where he would do good and
stay away from the drinking,
and then he would
have periods where
you would revert back to that.
>>NOORY: Did you stay
in touch with him?
>>BEAN: Well, I'm sorry
say, during that time period
I very much hated my father
and I didn't want anything
to do with him;
however, a blessing
came in 1979 when my brother,
who unconditionally loved
my dad, wanted to take
a trip to Florida.
I did not want to go,
but I ended up going.
>>NOORY: And how many years had
been since you had seen him?
>>BEAN: It had been
probably four years.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Long time.
>>BEAN: Yeah.
And so I really still
didn't want to see him,
but I went with
my little brother.
Ended up being a
tremendous blessing.
And the reason the trip
ended up being a blessing
is because my uncle Cliff had
a talk with me about faith.
And about if we had
faith, God would--
we could connect with God.
He would hear our prayers.
He would feel our faith.
>>NOORY: He's the one who got
you kind of straightened out
it sounds like.
>>BEAN: It was invaluable.
That advice and that
conversation I had with him,
that was the beginning of the
planting of the seeds for where
I'm at right now in being
a spiritual warrior.
>>NOORY: It was the
epiphany in your life.
>>BEAN: Yes.
George, I could not be here
now had I not been there.
So God does work
in mysterious ways,
and that teaching
was invaluable.
Little did I know
that on the very day
I would come back
from that trip,
I would engage in spiritual
warfare for the first time
against these entities
that had attacked us
for so long, oppressed
us for so long.
Because I'll tell you,
George, it got unbearable.
After my dad left, my mother
began having physical attacks
from two entities in particular.
And my mother had cuts, bruises,
and scratches on her long
after my dad had left.
>>NOORY: You probably
figured is dad back here?
>>BEAN: It was horrific.
She couldn't-- it got to
the point to where she
couldn't sleep in
her bed anymore.
They were coming to her
bed, they were choking her.
They were hitting
her, scratching her,
and one occasion,
she was being choked
by this entity in black,
black hair, black beard,
had a black suit on.
The eyes were even black,
and chalky white skin.
>>NOORY: They wanted to
do something bad to her.
>>BEAN: No question about it.
So after the episode is over,
my mother is gasping for air,
she gets out of bed.
Now she's got to go all
the way up the hallway.
She wants to get water.
>>NOORY: And your dad
is gone by this time?
>>BEAN: Gone.
This is after my dad had left.
So she's gasping for
air, she wants water.
She goes into the
kitchen to get a glass.
So she opens the cabinet
door, and an unseen force,
like a projectile,
shot a glass out that
struck my mother above the
eye, split her eye wide open,
knocked her unconscious.
She had be taken
to the hospital.
She had to get stitches.
>>NOORY: She could
have gone blind.
>>BEAN: Yes.
So this is the type of
attack that we were under.
And make no mistake,
when I say attack,
I mean true, all out physical,
mental, and spiritual attack.
My family was
absolutely decimated
by these demonic forces.
>>NOORY: Is that
unusual, Bill, to have
those attacks that violent?
>>BEAN: Highly unusual.
You know, I have
to say, since I've
become a deliverance
minister, I've
traveled all over this country.
God has worked through
me to help many people
and I'm forever
grateful for that.
I can honestly tell you, George,
that I have never encountered
a case to the
severity of the case
that my family and I endured.
And I'm thankful for
those people that I've--
>>NOORY: I'm amazed that you've
turned out the way you have.
>>BEAN: It's God.
Truly it is.
This is God's
doing, because I've
been in many
life-threatening situations
during the course
of my lifetime.
Yet, God made a way to
spare me each and every time
for this very moment now
and for this very time frame
that I'm in with God
working through me to help
these people.
>>NOORY: I want to, on
our next "Beyond Belief"
show, really get into
what you do for people
and how you do this.
When you were on with
me on the radio show,
we talked a little bit about
your father and a headless boy
on a porch.
You remember that story?
>>BEAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What was
that all about?
>>BEAN: Well, that was
my uncle, Mike Zonek,
and that photo was
taken in the '50s.
Now, I never knew these
photos existed, George,
until after my mother's death.
And we endured 10
years in that house.
We had a priest involved
for the last 16 months
that we lived there.
Shortly after my mother--
two tragedies had occurred.
My beloved grandmother,
Dora Harvey,
had passed from a sudden
series of heart attacks.
And two months and
two days later,
my beloved mother,
Patricia Bean,
had died from a cerebral
hemorrhage at the age of 44.
George, I'm telling you as
sure as I'm looking at you,
I have no doubt that
these demonic forces had
a hand in both of those
deaths because they
were both under so much
stress and pressure.
So the reason I'm
telling you this
is because my mother had a
photo collection, which I never
saw back then.
After she had passed, many
years after she had passed,
my wife and I were
at my sister's house
Christmas of 2005.
My sister said, would
you like to have
some of mom's old family photos?
And I said yes.
I started going
through the photographs
and that was one of the photos.
And it is an amazing
photograph, to say the least.
Now on the surface,
one would think, OK,
that's a double exposure.
What's the big deal?
I want people to take a very
close look at that photograph
because, first of all, you see
like this black blob shadow
image beside him.
>>NOORY: Yeah, what is that?
>>BEAN: I have no idea.
But secondly, you see two
children in front of him.
>>NOORY: Ghoulish.
>>BEAN: Yes.
The first one
doesn't have a head.
Now if you closer, look over
on that step right there.
>>NOORY: Bill, something
happened at that house
a long time ago.
>>BEAN: No question about it.
I really think, without truly
knowing the answer, George,
my best guesstimation
and my gut tells me
that something horrific
happened in the entire area,
whether Native American
land was disturbed
or whatever it may be.
Because, again,
we have the factor
of all these other homes
that have had these problems.
Not to the severity that
my family and I did,
but we do still
have it nonetheless.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BEAN: So, yeah.
Something did take place
there to really stir this up.
And then you couple
that with the conjuring
by that family
member, and you had
this incredible storm of evil.
>>NOORY: And your dad died,
you said, at a young age, too.
>>BEAN: My dad was
shot to death in 1987--
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>BEAN: -at the age of 48.
>>NOORY: Was his
drinking because of that?
Or was he robbed?
Or what happened?
>>BEAN: Well, it had a factor.
It was a domestic
issue, so the drinking
did play a role
in it, although he
wasn't under the influence
of alcohol at the time.
>>NOORY: At that time.
>>BEAN: He had actually--
the ironic thing
is that he was going
through one of those periods
to where he was straightening
his life up again,
and he had stopped the
drinking for several weeks.
And, I feel worse for my--
>>NOORY: So you thought he
was pulling himself together?
>>BEAN: Yes.
And I feel worse for
my brother than anybody
because my brother is nearly
three years younger than I.
He was so young when my mother
passed, and many family members
as well, George.
I have very little family left.
We've lost many family members
under bizarre circumstances.
>>NOORY: We're your
family now, Bill.
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
And I praise God for you.
But my brother was
living with my father
at the time in Florida.
>>NOORY: Oh, my God.
>>BEAN: So he's already
gone through this thing
with my mother,
and then my father
leaves one Sunday morning,
says, I'll be right back.
I'm going to the store.
And he never came back.
>>NOORY: He gets
shot in the store?
>>BEAN: No, he actually-- it
was a domestic-related matter
so it wasn't far from the store.
But the next thing you know
there's a police officer coming
to the door informing
my brother, who I think
was 17 at the time, that--
>>NOORY: He was shot to death.
>>BEAN: He was shot
to death, yeah.
>>NOORY: Were you in shock?
>>BEAN: I was in shock.
And I was living
here in Maryland,
my brother was living
in Florida with him.
And I had come home
late one night,
and I was living with my uncle
then, and he had a note for me
on the table wake him up
no matter what time it was.
And this is like 3
o'clock in the morning,
so I knew it wasn't good.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BEAN: And I wake him up--
>>NOORY: You hate
those kinds of moments.
>>BEAN: -and he
informed me of that.
And, very much like my mother
as well, I was in zombie state.
I just-- I couldn't process it.
It took several weeks
for it to sink in
that it had really
occurred, you know.
And then I guess it
leaves such a void.
And with my mother-- you know
my mother and grandmother,
they were the two closest
people to me in my life
so when they passed, I was
just dark and empty and bitter
and in so much pain and turmoil.
Now outwardly, if you were
to talk to me back then,
I'd be cordial, but I kept
everybody at a distance
because I was in so much
pain I couldn't allow anyone
to get close to me.
I lived--
>>NOORY: I don't blame you.
>>BEAN: I lived that
way for so long, George,
and then God began this
transformation in my life.
>>NOORY: Once this anger left in
you, did you see things change?
>>BEAN: Absolutely.
And furthermore, I feel that
each and every one of us
in the family were under demonic
oppression at various times.
And I think during
that time frame,
I was very much under
demonic oppression
because I can
recall days, George,
that I would just
get up in the morning
and maybe use the bathroom
and come back and sit
in a dark, silent room until
it was time to go to bed.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>BEAN: In silence and darkness.
I did that so many times
because I was in so much pain,
and I really felt that the
enemy had a grip on my life
at that time.
>>NOORY: Were you petrified?
>>BEAN: More like I was seeking
death, to be honest with you.
I was in so much pain, I
didn't want to live anymore.
I couldn't relate to anybody.
It affected my relationships.
I couldn't let anybody
get close to me.
So really I was, without
slitting my own wrist
or anything like that, I
was seeking ways to die,
and I was living very,
very recklessly in my life.
I've been in many
life-threatening situations,
but yet here I am today a
walking miracle from God.
>>NOORY: True.
No doubt.
>>BEAN: If God could
transform my life in the way
that he has and working through
me in the way that he does now,
he can do that for anyone
who will call on him.
>>NOORY: Well, there's
a mission for you.
>>BEAN: Absolutely, George.
It is my mission.
So again, I had to go
through those things
and experience those things
to be where I'm at now.
>>NOORY: I want to talk
on our next program
about some of the things you
do with people to get them out
of that same rut that you were
in with those demonic forces,
and they're out there.
But what do they want, Bill?
What do these bad,
dark forces want?
Our souls?
What are they after?
>>BEAN: They want everything.
God, Yahweh created us.
He loves us.
And when he created us, he
left a little piece of himself
inside of each and
every one of us.
The enemy knows this, so he
tries to keep us from God,
and he confuses us and
he kind of muddies up
the communication
between ourselves
and God, Yahshua,
Jesus the Christ.
That name Yahshua
means Yahweh saves.
So God saves through
Yahshua, Jesus the Christ.
Again, the enemy knows this.
When I'm in
spiritual warfare, we
see in the Bible Yahweh's
name was listed 6,823 times,
and it was covered up
by the title of Lord.
So wherever you see Lord in
caps, it should say Yahweh.
So when I'm in battle,
I'll say, Yahweh
rebuke thee in Jesus name.
>>NOORY: And it helps?
>>BEAN: Oh, it-- they
instantly have to go.
>>NOORY: Bill, if people
want more information on you,
where do they go?
>>BEAN: They can
visit www.billbean.net
or www.billbeanministries.com.
Whichever site you go to
is linked to the other.
Again, I answer
every single message.
George, I'm up till 4 or 5 AM
in the morning every morning
answering messages
from people in need.
>>NOORY: And listening
to "Coast to Coast."
>>BEAN: Of course.
>>NOORY: Perfect.
>>BEAN: That's my favorite show.
>>NOORY: Bill, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>BEAN: Oh, my pleasure.
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: In our next
edition of "Beyond Belief,"
we're going to talk with
Bill Bean about his role
as a spiritual warrior.
What are the things that
he has to go through
to fight these demonic spirits.
Stay tuned on our
next "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]